<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	      xmlns:rexr="http://labs.jboss.com/jbossrichfaces/ui/ui/rex-resizable"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core">
<ui:composition template="/templates/main.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="title">RichFaces - Open Source Rich JSF Components</ui:define>
	<ui:define name="body">
		<p>Welcome to the Rich Faces - Ext JS Integration Demo!</p>
		<h4>About RichFaces</h4>
		<p>RichFaces is a rich component library for JavaServer Faces.
		It allows easy integration of AJAX capabilities into enterprise-level business
		application development.</p>
		<p>RichFaces enriches the JSF framework in two important
		ways. First, it expands a number of visual ready-to-use components.
		Secondly, it fully implements the skinnability feature  including a large number
		of predefined skins. Using skinnability, it is much easier to manage the
		look-and-feel of an application.</p>
		<h4>About Ext JS</h4>
		<p>Ext is a client-side, JavaScript framework for building web applications.
		In early 2006, Jack Slocum began working on a set of extension utilities for the Yahoo!
		User Interface (YUI) library. These extensions were quickly organized into an independent
		library of code and distributed under the name "yui-ext." In the fall of 2006, Jack
		released version .33 of yui-ext, which turned out to be the final version of the code under
		that name (and under the open source BSD license). By the end of the year, the library had
		gained so much in popularity that the name was changed simply to Ext, a reflection of its
		maturity and independence as a framework. A company was formed in early 2007, and Ext is
		now dual-licensed under the LGPL and a commercial license. The library officially hit
		version 1.0 on April 1, 2007. Read <a href="http://extjs.com/learn/Ext_FAQ">ExtJS FAQ</a> 
		for more information about this library.</p>
		<h4>About This Demo</h4>
		<p>This demo Web application showcases the RichFaces components and functionality based
		on the 	ExtJS Javascript Widgets.
		</p>
		<p><b>Note:</b>The set of components presented with this demo has a purpose to demonstrate
		a posibility of  the integration only. This component set cannot be distributed or used in 
		production unless the legal issues with <a href="http://extjs.com/license">Ext JS license</a>
		is resolved.
		</p>

		
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
</html>
